[Music]
disney and pixar seoul streaming on
disney plus december 25th
music is all i think about
from the moment i wake up in the morning
to the moment i fall asleep at night
i was born to play
it's my reason for living
hmm this weed the council
is a soul missing
is this heaven no is it h e
double hockey sticks hell how hell
[Music]
no it's the great before
this is where new souls get their
personalities
quirks and interest before they go to
earth here we are
don't worry you can't crush a soul here
that's what life on earth is for
whoa it's my life
can you help me get back come on
this won't be a disaster that's for sure
you're out there somewhere little song
and i'm gonna find you
life is full of possibilities
you just need to know where to look
don't miss out on the joys of life
like uh pizza i can't smell
we can't we can't taste either all that
stuff is in your body
no smell no taste or touch see
okay i get it disney and pixar's soul
get ready your life is about to start
start streaming december 25th
[Applause]
captain do you have any idea what those
markers are they look pretty ancient
the tracks end here it's definitely
bravo team they don't just disappear
oh
where the hell are we that lightning it
hit those markers and it took us
somewhere
guys so what
are we like guardians of the galaxy now
on our six
holy
did you see that thing
this is officially above my pay grade
i don't care what those creatures are
we destroy them and close the gateway
i'm getting it to our home
i used to be loved i used to be a kid
detective
we're all really counting on you i was
so far ahead of the game
but one day i just woke up behind this
guy in my homeroom claims you practice
with the mets i need to find out if he's
lying
he's lying
so what can i help you with somebody
murdered my boyfriend
seriously pretty seriously he was
stabbed 17 times
is it possible he was involved in drugs
no
he would never do drugs gambling no he
would never gamble
demon worship no he would never worship
a demon
here comes the kid detective
someone's following us this isn't safe
they're trying to see how my head works
somebody's testing me
i thought your mama was gonna be all
right
be happy i know
i could have done better but you
you got to decide you want to be
somebody
or not
i've been doing real good i just had a
down
month i got an interview tomorrow mom
otherwise i
know you know me i always land on my
feet
[Music]
don't look at that come on come on don't
you look at you look at me and you
look at me you let her get away with
this every time
i told you that i would do better you
always say that you're lying
always try you got to think about these
kids what do you think i've been
thinking about since i was 18 years old
huh
never had a life where i wasn't thinking
about the kids
do you actually want to be dead mom are
you just too lazy to try
oh i tried plenty
you've always got a reason it's always
someone else's fault
some point you're gonna have to take
responsibility or someone else is gonna
have to
step in
you
hasta la vista baby
how many times you've seen this oh about
a hundred
everyone in this world is one of three
kinds good terminator
a bad terminator and neutral
you're a good terminator well i wouldn't
always
i had to learn you could do
[Music]
i love you i promise that i'm gonna do
better
honey you gotta write your own life
don't make us your excuse
jd family's the only thing that means a
goddamn
you learn it
[Music]
hey i'm not gonna be home tonight it'd
be all right
[Music]
jimmy something happened tonight
you'll work out with cal where you're
gonna go who the hell is cal where is
eddie
i'm cow
[Music]
is eddie okay you know what he is but
he's a thief
yes i know what eddie is
is anybody looking everyone's looking
and they're looking for you too
you're not to talk to anyone i've never
been on my own
to love don't you need
shut the kid up
this was your families i'm terry cal's
wife
anyone can learn to shoot but what you
really need to figure out is
what you'll do when it's real
why did art show me how to use a gun i
just thought you should be prepared for
what comes next
[Music]
um
this is no place for a child
this can all be over
[Music]
yes
have you ever had a head trauma ah some
yeah from
ieds grenades small artillery
and our next guest is well known all
over the world
documenting human pain and misery i
photograph
what my conscience asks me to
daniel fisher you have been to my
country of south sudan i have former
community choir
my friend we can help you
he asked me not to exhibit photos of his
village why
his family died in the massacre though
[Music]
why is it easier for you to talk to a
stranger
than me what is wrong i must tell you
something
you have opened a door to the past i
must go through
[Music]
tell me about this new boy at the store
hey what's your favorite song in this
you don't know what love is i am not
answering that
is he cute i didn't really notice
that much my band's playing the night at
nine if you want to come
never met a girl who knows much about
music as either
in television don't get me started we've
seen every episode of everything
how was it he's extraordinary
[Music]
you don't have to go home but you can't
stay here can i walk you
life's too short to waste time on things
you don't absolutely love
but how do you know if you love
something absolutely
i guess when it's the only thing that
matters
[Music]
the van got out for the gig in paris
come with us on tour
i'm afraid i can't but i think you very
well could be the next john coltrane
what are you gonna be
wnat television talking about the
assistant producer position
are you married yes hey
producer's assistant's not the best job
for a housewife
why should i hire you because i didn't
know that a negro woman television
producer even existed
and all my life that is all i've ever
wanted to be
[Music]
what are you doing in new york recording
an album
so good to see you you too it's been
awhile
you're working you're not being a very
good hostess and what will people say
i can't be the woman of your dreams
while also trying to be the woman of my
own
i guess i just wanted you to be happy
even if i couldn't be a part of your
life pleasant
experiences ahead don't pass it by
[Music]
this is your last careers lesson so does
anyone
have a realistic career plan tyson
denzel what about you
youtubers i keep telling you all you got
to keep things real
jamie jamie knew
me what do you want to be a performer
for a minute there i had such high hopes
for you baby
what is wrong with that boy you remember
when we was little can we use flair
dress up
well for me that's a game i don't want
to stop playing
i'm done with this i wanted a sun so
badly
i got you the cold empty morning
i don't think i've got a dad anymore
you've done nothing wrong jamie you
never did
so why do you want to be on stage
i want to be a drag queen because it's
all i ever dream of
and when i close my eyes it's all i can
[Music]
see
jamie wants to come to prom becomes just
just like all the other boys
you are a freak they made me feel so
ugly
i'm scared tomorrow you can't just be a
buying address jamie your buying a dress
is something to blast out
a drag queen should be feared you won't
believe the power it gives you
i don't just want to be one i have to be
one stop waiting for permission
to be you
[Music]
be who you want to be
you are the bravest person i know you're
like beyonce
no mom
do you ever wish i were just normal
no
[Applause]
i don't have as many dresses as you do
when i was a kid in mexico my father was
like my best friend
and the day he left us a part of me left
with him
[Applause]
your father's very ill he really needs
to see you listen not to be rude but i
don't even see him as my father anymore
he never came back
i'm not going to the u.s five days
before our wedding this man's the source
of all your issues
you have to go welcome to america
i just want to know what happened and
you will
is this guy bothering you dad dad meet
your brother
asher what my stones
you deserve to know the truth about why
i never came back so i put a whole trip
together for you both
my father's last wish is for me to go on
a scavenger hunt with a brother i never
knew i had
yeah hey there's another envelope in
here it's like a clue
he's weird i'm sure he's not that bad
i'm gonna close my eyes do not wake me
up
until we get there
what the hell was that
what is this place your father wanted to
come home to you more than anything
but fate had something else in store for
him
it's a claim ticket i'm getting married
in three days i'm done with this i'm
going home
don't you want to know how the story is
he forgot about me
why didn't he come back to us this road
trip's gonna give you that answers
we are so close uh we're out of gas that
was your only responsibility
i love watching you freak out man we can
make ethanol to fill your car
is pure alcohol don't inhale it tie it
up
hey that is strong man you gotta go
completely wasted
hey what happened they're just
overreacting just about me 500.00
[Music]
true love
that's a gift unlike any other
it's all scary until you just do it
so why not just do it
this is your captain welcoming you to
ymit airfly227
you remember those lessons i used to
give you you ready to give it a go
make sure that the horizon stays level
right here i'm gonna turn off the
autopilot
look ma
[Laughter]
he's having a heart attack
we have no pilot the autopilot's broken
we have no idea where we are
neither of us can land a plane hello can
anyone hear me this is a distress call
two two seven come in this is two two
seven you still got it in the air so
keep doing you're doing
holy look at that i see the storm
it's too big to go around you're gonna
have to play through it
that's our shot no going back let's get
off this plane
oh
[Music]
you are being considered
for the amazing opportunity
of life
[Music]
if you are selected you will have the
chance to be born in a fruitful
environment
where you can grow develop and
accomplish
[Music]
am i dead i wouldn't say you're alive or
dead
[Music]
[Applause]
are you the boss i would say a cog on
the wheel
[Music]
how long is this process if you make it
until the end
nine days
[Music]
your senses will become unbearably
sharper and stronger
it's your new beginning you'll never
remember me or anything else that
happened in this place
but you'll still be you
every single day someone hurt someone
else every single day someone takes
someone else's life
why are you focusing on that why are you
not focusing on that you've been here a
few days
but you've lived every second
are you afraid of what
nine days nine days
my assistant tells me that you're
interested in resuming med school
i left under unusual circumstances
you remember the accusations made
against alexander monroe
i don't he took a girl
to his room
[Music]
you know we get accusations like this
all the time so he said she said
situation
what would you have me do
[Music]
ruin a young man's life
was it reported yes
do you know who she spoke to
you
well the doctor's here
is everybody's worst nightmare getting
accused like that
really can you guess what every woman's
worst nightmare is
[Music]
what do you want i don't know
you seem nervous
no he's hiding from the piper
she has to be paid why you guys have to
ruin everything
it's a day of reckoning
for everyone
we haven't all been together in a while
to old times
takes me back to high school
wasn't exactly the happiest time for me
been a long time since i taught all of
you so good to see you again
tonight's your final lesson
what the hell are these this is like
laser tag
they're timer we're in the middle of the
woods with vaughn strap drop chest
get this thing off of me
what happens when these timers hit zero
huh i didn't tell you the rules what
rules
bobby we can steal each other's time to
stay alive
the more you kill the more time you get
he has something behind his back
she gave this to me because i've got the
least amount of time
i'm sorry
this is not how best friends treat each
other
we are not the friends
[Applause]
someone's dead people are playing the
[Music]
game why are you doing this
i can't even eat gluten trust me i'm not
gonna be able to kill anyone
[Music]
you